<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="content-type"/><link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/></head><body class="body0" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><p class="para0"><span class="span0">202</span><span class="span0">2 January </span><span class="span0">Template beta 1 –</span><span class="span0"> 20</span><span class="span0">2</span><span class="span0">2</span><span class="span0"> </span><span class="span0">January 2</span><span class="span1">nd</span></p><p class="para1"><span class="span2">Table of contents</span></p><p class="para2"><span class="span3">today</span></p><p class="para2"><span class="span3">End of day (outro)</span></p><p class="para2"><span class="span3">End of today’s document</span></p><p class="para2"><span class="span3">Overnight notes (phone) last night (for reference)</span><span class="span3"> – </span><span class="span3">The notes from yesterday</span></p><p class="para2"><span class="span3">morning notes (laptop)</span></p><p class="para2"><span class="span3">morning notes (phone)</span></p><p class="para2"><span class="span3">afternoon notes (laptop)</span></p><p class="para2"><span class="span3">afternoon notes (phone)</span></p><p class="para2"><span class="span3">evening/</span><span class="span3">mid-day notes (laptop)</span></p><p class="para2"><span class="span3">evening/</span><span class="span3">mid-day notes (phone)</span></p><p class="para2"><span class="span3">overnight notes (laptop)</span></p><p class="para2"><span class="span3">overnight notes (phone)</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">#### Words total </span><span class="span4">(see: end of day)</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">// </span><span class="span4">This section is hardly ever filled out</span></p><p class="para1"><span class="span5">Today</span><span class="span6"> </span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span7">For first usage of the month</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">Today is </span><span class="span4">202</span><span class="span4">2</span><span class="span4">, DoW </span><span class="span4">January</span><span class="span4"> </span><span class="span4">X</span><span class="span4">. </span><span class="span4">Yesterday was 2021, </span><span class="span4">DoW </span><span class="span4">Decem</span><span class="span4">be</span><span class="span4">r</span><span class="span4"> X</span><span class="span4">.</span><span class="span4"> </span><span class="span4">I woke up at :</span><span class="span4"> </span><span class="span4">am </span><span class="span4">t</span><span class="span4">o</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span7">For the rest of the month</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">Today is 2021, DoW, January X. Yesterday was 2021, DoW January X. I woke up at : am to </span></p><p class="para3"> </p><p class="para3"><span class="span8">/* </span><span class="span8">Notes *</span><span class="span9">/</span><span class="span10">\</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">Morning notes (laptop)</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">None… yet?</span></p><p class="para3"> </p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">Afternoon notes (laptop)</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">None… yet?</span></p><p class="para3"> </p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">Evening/mid day notes (laptop)</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">None… yet?</span></p><p class="para3"> </p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">Overnight notes (laptop)</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4"># Note: overnight notes should not be confused for nighttime notes, the 2 concepts are similar, but at the moment, nighttime notes don’t exist. You would be looking for the after 5:00-10:00 pm section of the evening notes for that (depending on what time of the year it is)</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">None… yet?</span></p><p class="para3"> </p><p class="para3"><span class="span7">For first usage of the month</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">I worked on my journaling from yesterday </span><span class="span4">(</span><span class="span4">2021, </span><span class="span4">DoW,</span><span class="span4"> </span><span class="span4">Dec</span><span class="span4">em</span><span class="span4">ber</span><span class="span4"> </span><span class="span4">X</span><span class="span4">)</span><span class="span4"> from pm up until pm while I listened to </span><span class="span4">| </span><span class="span4">then I copy and pasted it into th</span><span class="span4">e </span><span class="span4">202</span><span class="span4">1 </span><span class="span4">Decembe</span><span class="span4">r</span><span class="span4"> compilation document. </span><span class="span4">The monthly document is now complete. Here are the stats for </span><span class="span4">Decem</span><span class="span4">ber:</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span8">Insert image here</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">And here are the properties:</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span8">Insert image here</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">Next</span><span class="span4"> I wrote about my day from today </span><span class="span4">(</span><span class="span4">202</span><span class="span4">2</span><span class="span4">, </span><span class="span4">D</span><span class="span4">oW,</span><span class="span4"> </span><span class="span4">January</span><span class="span4"> x</span><span class="span4">)</span><span class="span4"> from pm up until pm while I listened to </span><span class="span4">| </span><span class="span4">Next I took a screenshot of my desktop (Since I take daily screenshots of my desktop) here is the one from today:</span></p><p class="para3"> </p><p class="para3"><span class="span7">For the rest of the month</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">I worked on my journaling from yesterday </span><span class="span4">(</span><span class="span4">202</span><span class="span4">2</span><span class="span4">, </span><span class="span4">DoW,</span><span class="span4"> </span><span class="span4">January</span><span class="span4"> </span><span class="span4">X</span><span class="span4">)</span><span class="span4"> from pm up until pm while I listened to </span><span class="span4">| </span><span class="span4">then I copy and pasted it into th</span><span class="span4">e </span><span class="span4">202</span><span class="span4">1 Decem</span><span class="span4">be</span><span class="span4">r</span><span class="span4"> compilation document, then I wrote about my day from today </span><span class="span4">(</span><span class="span4">2021, </span><span class="span4">DoW, January X</span><span class="span4">)</span><span class="span4"> from pm up until pm while I listened to </span><span class="span4">| </span><span class="span4">Next I took a screenshot of my desktop (Since I take daily screenshots of my desktop) here is the one from today:</span></p><p class="para3"> </p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">Next I got onto Khan Academy, then I worked on subject </span><span class="span4">&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;</span><span class="span4"> </span><span class="span4">&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;</span><span class="span4"> </span><span class="span4">on Khan Academy </span><span class="span4">from pm up until pm. I watched 1 video (from pm up until pm) and read 1 article (from pm up until pm) the videos duration was [duration, min. and sec.] I didn’t earn any badges today. I earned full energy points again today. Next I took a screenshot of my profile page, then I</span></p><p class="para3"> </p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">###Duplicated for ease of use, delete previous if not used before KA session. </span><span class="span4">Do not remove this header, it declares a part 2 to the evening notes. Only delete if secondary evening notes are not needed</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">Evening/mid day notes (laptop)</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">None… yet?</span></p><p class="para3"> </p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">Overnight notes (laptop)</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4"># Note: overnight notes should not be confused for nighttime notes, the 2 concepts are similar, but at the moment, nighttime notes don’t exist. You would be looking for the after 5:00-10:00 pm section of the evening notes for that (depending on what time of the year it is)</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">None… yet?</span></p><p class="para3"> </p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">I eventually fell asleep at </span><span class="span4">|</span><span class="span4"> </span><span class="span4">a/</span><span class="span4">pm. </span><span class="span4">P</span><span class="span4">lease note the time I fell asleep is an estimate based on past patterns and how tired I feel at the last note update of the night. </span><span class="span4">I had a [</span><span class="span4">rating</span><span class="span4">]</span><span class="span4"> day with my journaling today, getting over </span><span class="span4">1</span><span class="span4">,</span><span class="span4">070</span><span class="span4"> </span><span class="span4">words, and over </span><span class="span4">0</span><span class="span4">6</span><span class="span4">,</span><span class="span4">115</span><span class="span4"> </span><span class="span4">characters. </span><span class="span4">The size of the journal may be a lot larger than reported, due to overnight notes, and in-document note copies. This will raise the document size by 500 words to 8000 words (the notes should be prioritized to be cut if they are more than double the amount of notes than the document itself) </span><span class="span4">There are </span><span class="span4">0</span><span class="span4">3 </span><span class="span4">pages in today’s document according to LibreOffice writer. </span><span class="span4">Note that “how good” of a day I had with my journaling depends on the word and character counts. </span><span class="span4">Other document qualities rely on different measurements</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">R</span><span class="span4">atings of journaling goodness:</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">Less than 2500 – below average</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">2500-3000 – decent</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">3001-3500 – good</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">3500-3800 – very good</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span4">3801+ – </span><span class="span4"> </span><span class="span4">Extremely good</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span7">N</span><span class="span7">ote reference and outro start below here:</span></p><p class="para4"><span class="span11">Overnight notes (phone) – last night (for reference)</span></p><p class="para5"><span class="span4">Insert here/None available</span></p><p class="para4"><span class="span11">Morning notes (laptop)</span></p><p class="para5"><span class="span4">Insert here/None available</span></p><p class="para4"><span class="span11">Morning notes (phone)</span></p><p class="para5"><span class="span4">Insert here/None available</span></p><p class="para4"><span class="span11">Afternoon notes (laptop)</span></p><p class="para5"><span class="span4">Insert here/None available</span></p><p class="para4"><span class="span11">Afternoon notes (phone)</span></p><p class="para5"><span class="span4">Insert here/None available</span></p><p class="para4"><span class="span11">Evening/</span><span class="span11">Mid-day notes (laptop)</span></p><p class="para5"><span class="span4">Insert here/None available</span></p><p class="para4"><span class="span11">Evening/</span><span class="span11">Mid-day notes (phone)</span></p><p class="para5"><span class="span4">Insert here/None available</span></p><p class="para4"><span class="span11">Overnight notes (laptop)</span></p><p class="para5"><span class="span4">Insert here/None available</span></p><p class="para4"><span class="span11">Overnight notes (phone)</span></p><p class="para5"><span class="span4">Insert here/None available</span></p><p class="para1"><span class="span6">End of day (outro)</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span12">Outro removed on October 1</span><span class="span13">st</span><span class="span12"> 2020, no longer necessary, as I have my journaling more under control</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span12"> </span><span class="span12">(PLEASE READ OUTRO TO LEARN IMPORTANT INFO ABOUT TODAYS DOCUMENT) </span><span class="span12">Outro is obsolete. Some references may remain, but you should always read previous documents first. </span><span class="span14">Don’t take content out of context.</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span12">A</span><span class="span12">lso, make sure to read overnight and daytime notes as well for more context, along with associated dates of new image, video, and other media data, such as screenshots, reddit, </span><span class="span12">camera, and more.</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span12">T</span><span class="span12">his journal is a very advanced structure, but strives for accuracy.</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span12">Daily journaling started on September 27</span><span class="span13">th</span><span class="span12"> 2016, entries before then are backed up with date data, and </span><span class="span12">don’t cover everything yet, I am still working on archiving older data.</span></p><p class="para6"><span class="span12">I</span><span class="span12">mages aren’t spammed in journaling since the </span><span class="span12">December 28</span><span class="span13">th</span><span class="span12"> 2018 document, as it became excessive. This was the worst issue in December of 2018.</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span12">This journal is a complex structure. Make sure to read all documents, notes, and search for mentioned files to get the full context.</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span15">Outro updates are made at the beginning of each month, so check for updates on the 1</span><span class="span16">st</span><span class="span15">, then you don’t have to read it again for the rest of the month, it will just be there (January 2020 and above) the external outro has been abandoned as of February 18</span><span class="span16">th</span><span class="span15"> 2019. </span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span15">Plot holes are very rare. If any come up, I will fill them, as I hate clusters of holes</span></p><p class="para3"><span class="span15">As of 2020, I no longer fully document everything directly in the journal. I link to sources within the resources of the journaling package. When instructed, visit the sources for more info. This is done to save time and reduce document size (before this, documents were on average 20+ pages with over 30 megabytes in size each. The average is now 11-18 pages with less than 2 megabytes.</span></p></body></html>